Hi.
I'm Dustin Schultz, and welcome to Spring: The Big Picture.
Spring is one of the most popular, if not the most popular,
technologies for Java development.
It's used by thousands and thousands of developers and companies worldwide,
and the goal of this course is to provide you with a
high‑level overview of Spring.
A ten‑thousand‑foot view if you will.
So what can you expect from this course?
Let's talk about expectations.
Where possible,
we're going to avoid the details and really try to keep things simple.
I'll give you just enough detail to help you learn and understand the content,
but really nothing beyond that.
And this course is particularly short and is probably the exact
opposite of what you would call a technology deep dive.
Our goal here is to cover breadth and not depth,
and that means we're going to cover a range of topics,
but we'll really only scratch the surface on each of the particular topics.
We will be seeing small, but easy code snippets,
and don't worry, it's not that big of a deal,
but it would practically be impossible to describe the
benefits and usefulness of Spring without them.
Again, if you don't know Java, or you don't regularly code,
seriously don't worry.
I'll keep things very simple and walk you through
step by step each of the examples.
Lastly, don't be surprised to see some hand waving.
And by that I mean, don't be surprised if I gloss over some details,
or I'm intentionally vague in certain areas.
Remember, the goal of this course is to provide you with an overview of Spring.
We want to see the whole forest and not each of the individual trees.
The intended audience of this course is particularly large and broad,
but generally falls into two categories,
individuals working in a technical, but non‑development role,
and individuals working in a development role who are unfamiliar with Spring.
So maybe you've heard of Spring or you've heard others talking
about it and you've always wondered what it is,
or maybe you're a developer and you're currently using a different
technology stack and you need to learn Spring,
or you're just generally curious what it is.
If any of those sound like you, then this course is for you. Alright, enough with the introductions, let's get started.